resource_control: add runaway queries (#13929)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-resource-group.md

| `RU_PER_SEC` | Rate of RU backfilling per second | `RU_PER_SEC = 500` indicates that this resource group is backfilled with 500 RUs per second |
| `PRIORITY`    | The absolute priority of tasks to be processed on TiKV  | `PRIORITY = HIGH` indicates that the priority is high. If not specified, the default value is `MEDIUM`. |
| `BURSTABLE`   | If the `BURSTABLE` attribute is set, TiDB allows the corresponding resource group to use the available system resources when the quota is exceeded. |

> | `QUERY_LIMIT` | When the query execution meets this condition, it is recognized as a runaway query and the corresponding action is executed. | `QUERY_LIMIT=(EXEC_ELAPSED='60s', ACTION=KILL, WATCH=EXACT DURATION='10m')` indicates that the query is recognized as a runaway query when the execution time exceeds 60 seconds. The query is terminated. The same type of SQL is terminated directly within 10 minutes. `QUERY_LIMIT=()` or `QUERY_LIMIT=NULL` means that runaway control is not enabled. See [Runaway Queries](/tidb-resource-control.md#manage-queries-that-consume-more-resources-than-expected-runaway-queries). ｜

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `QUERY_LIMIT` | When the query execution meets this condition, it is recognized as a runaway query and the corresponding action is executed. | `QUERY_LIMIT=(EXEC_ELAPSED='60s', ACTION=KILL, WATCH=EXACT DURATION='10m')` indicates that the query is identified as a runaway query when the execution time exceeds 60 seconds. The query is terminated. The SQL with the same SQL text is terminated immediately in the coming 10 minutes. `QUERY_LIMIT=()` or `QUERY_LIMIT=NULL` means that runaway control is not enabled. See [Runaway Queries](/tidb-resource-control.md#manage-queries-that-consume-more-resources-than-expected-runaway-queries). ｜
```

> | `QUERY_LIMIT` | When the query execution meets this condition, it is recognized as a runaway query and the corresponding action is executed | `QUERY_LIMIT=(EXEC_ELAPSED='60s', ACTION=KILL, WATCH=EXACT DURATION='10m')` indicates that the query is recognized as a runaway query when the execution time exceeds 60 seconds, and the query is terminated, and the same type of SQL is terminated directly within 10 minutes. `QUERY_LIMIT=()` or `QUERY_LIMIT=NULL` means that runaway control is not enabled. See [Runaway Queries](/tidb-resource-control.md#manage-queries-that-consume-more-resources-than-expected-runaway-queries). ｜

Author: ```suggestion
| `QUERY_LIMIT` | When the query execution meets this condition, it is recognized as a runaway query and the corresponding action is executed | `QUERY_LIMIT=(EXEC_ELAPSED='60s', ACTION=KILL, WATCH=EXACT DURATION='10m')` indicates that the query is recognized as a runaway query when the execution time exceeds 60 seconds. The query is terminated. The same type of SQL is terminated directly within 10 minutes. `QUERY_LIMIT=()` or `QUERY_LIMIT=NULL` means that runaway control is not enabled. See [Runaway Queries](/tidb-resource-control.md#manage-queries-that-consume-more-resources-than-expected-runaway-queries). ｜
```

> | `QUERY_LIMIT` | When the query execution meets this condition, it is recognized as a runaway query and the corresponding action is executed. | `QUERY_LIMIT=(EXEC_ELAPSED='60s', ACTION=KILL, WATCH=EXACT DURATION='10m')` indicates that the query is identified as a runaway query when the execution time exceeds 60 seconds. The query is terminated. The SQL statement with the same SQL text is terminated immediately in the coming 10 minutes. `QUERY_LIMIT=()` or `QUERY_LIMIT=NULL` means that runaway control is not enabled. See [Runaway Queries](/tidb-resource-control.md#manage-queries-that-consume-more-resources-than-expected-runaway-queries). ｜

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `QUERY_LIMIT` | When the query execution meets this condition, the query is identified as a runaway query and the corresponding action is executed. | `QUERY_LIMIT=(EXEC_ELAPSED='60s', ACTION=KILL, WATCH=EXACT DURATION='10m')` indicates that the query is identified as a runaway query when the execution time exceeds 60 seconds. The query is terminated. All SQL statements with the same SQL text will be terminated immediately in the coming 10 minutes. `QUERY_LIMIT=()` or `QUERY_LIMIT=NULL` means that runaway control is not enabled. See [Runaway Queries](/tidb-resource-control.md#manage-queries-that-consume-more-resources-than-expected-runaway-queries). |
```

```sql
SELECT * FROM information_schema.resource_groups WHERE NAME ='rg1';
+------+------------+----------+-----------+-------------+
| NAME | RU_PER_SEC | PRIORITY | BURSTABLE | QUERY_LIMIT |
+------+------------+----------+-----------+-------------+
| rg1  | 100        | MEDIUM   | YES       | NULL        |
+------+------------+----------+-----------+-------------+
1 rows in set (1.30 sec)
```

```sql
ALTER RESOURCE GROUP rg1
  RU_PER_SEC = 200

>   PRIORITY = LOW;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  PRIORITY = LOW
```

>   QUERY_LIMIT = (EXEC_ELAPSED='1s' ACTION=COOLDOWN WATCH=EXACT[30s]);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  QUERY_LIMIT = (EXEC_ELAPSED='1s' ACTION=COOLDOWN WATCH=EXACT DURATION '30s');
```

Reviewer 4: `(EXEC_ELAPSED='1s' ACTION=COOLDOWN WATCH=EXACT DURATION='30s')` all fields use the same format is better
